Add image cell info to notebooks (#23799)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/notebooks/_index.md

When a user visits the URL for a specific cell, the notebook is opened to show the cell at the top of the viewport. Links are absolute. A cell's URL remains the same even if it is moved to a new position within the notebook.

## Add images to notebooks

<div class="alert alert-info">Only PNG, JPG, JPEG, and GIF file types are supported. Uploads have a max file size of 4MB.</a></div>

> You can add images to your notebook using either the [image cell](#image-cell) or the  [markdown editor](#markdown-editor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add images to your notebook using either the [image cell](#image-cell) or the [markdown editor](#markdown-editor).
```

### Image cell

> This approach places the image in a separate cell from your text, but provides options for resizing and justifying the image as well as adding a caption. Images uploaded by the Image cell are hosted by Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach places the image in a separate cell from your text, and provides options for resizing, aligning, and captioning the image. Images uploaded by the image cell are hosted by Datadog.
```

- changed `but` to `and`—`but` suggests a contradiction of an expectation, which i don't think is the case here
- parallel construction for a sentence that's otherwise a bit long and meandering
- changed `justifying` to `aligning`—i think aligning is more immediately clear, whereas justifying an image can also mean "giving a good reason to have this image"

> To add in image, click the **Image** cell option in the **Add New Cell** menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an image, click the **Image** cell option in the **Add New Cell** menu. 
```

{{< img src="notebooks/image_cell.png" alt="Image cell in the Add New Cell menu of cells" style="width:70%;" >}}

You can use any of the following options to upload an image to be hosted by Datadog:
- Drop an image file into the upload area
- Click **Choose File** and locate the image in your file directory
- Paste a publicly accessible URL for the image

Click the icons on the cell action tray to adjust the size, alignment, add a caption for the image cell, or view the image in full screen mode.

{{< img src="notebooks/notebooks_image_edit_action_tray.png" alt="Image cell action tray to adjust image alignment and add a caption" style="width:70%;" >}}

### Markdown editor

This approach places the image inline with your text, but does not provide options for resizing the image.

> Enter the edit mode on any markdown cell and use any of the following options to add the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the edit mode on any Markdown cell and use any of the following options to add the image:
```

- Drop an image file into the text cell area.
- Copy and paste the image directly into the text cell area.

> - Hyperlink an external image using the image widget in the header or by referencing the [official markdown guide][2]. **Note**: This option will not upload the image to be hosted by Datadog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hyperlink an external image using the image widget in the header or by referencing the [official Markdown guide][2]. **Note**: This option does not upload the image to be hosted by Datadog. 
```
